alright what up Charm City 187 are going
to give you all the list of the secret
trophies for ghost recon future soldier
um they are on a chapter or mission
basis like every mission has a hidden
trophy that you have to unlock the first
mission you get loose thread is for
securing Gabriel pious or pay is
wherever the fuck his name is the second
one is what goes up shoot down the cargo
plane the third one is precious cargo
secure the VIP and transfer them to the
exfiltration team fourth one is source
control secure the VIPs and transfer
them to the exle tration Team EOD
destroy the Russian weapons transfer
station must come down destroy the plane
with the weapons system on board while
it's in flight this one is blood brother
rescue the Georgian spec ops I don't
know I haven't got that far yet fuel for
the fire secure the drilling ships and
complete the mission breathing room
destroy the second piece of enemy
artillery this one is special election
rescue Russian President valla din from
the prison camp and relieve the command
killed the general commanding the Moscow
defenses
and the last one is no loose ends
eliminate the leader of the Ravens rock
faction I don't know I really haven't I
wanted to start with the campaign but I
from playing the multiplayer during the
beta that's really all is I've been
playing so far as the damn multi player
I do like that guerrilla warfare shit
though I'm going to start doing some
videos on that soon a couple tricks for
some people but yeah all right I'm out
peace